1. Validate against sidechain order-parameters, to test small-scale sidechain 
   movements.  These motions remain difficult the predict, according to Tanja.  
   It is also an ideal application for simulation because the experiment 
   contains enough data to validate the simulation, but not not so much that 
   the simulation is pointless.

   I can use Greg Friedland's NMR dataset for this benchmark.  The simulation 
   will need to touch all sidechains, because we expect there to be significant 
   nonlocal interactions.  However, the backbone sampling will not need to be 
   very intense.

   My first impression is that I might want to focus all my sampling inside a 
   sphere that slowly moves around the structure.  So I'd have three moves: 
   sample a backbone region within sphere, sample a sidechain within the 
   sphere, and move the sphere.  The sphere reminds me of a beach ball, so if 
   this is novel I'll call it beach ball sampling.  It seems that more 
   concentrated sampling would be better, but I can't quite articulate why...

2. Validate against crystal structures with two distinct loop states, to test 
   meso-scale backbone movements.  The first step will be to build a set of 
   benchmark structures by searching the PDB.  I should do this before my next 
   meeting with Tanja, so we can start curating the set.  For everything I 
   decide to include, save a pymol session file focused on the alternate 
   conformations so we can quickly get a feel for what's going on.

   For this benchmark, I will only need to sample the loop regions that have 
   alternate states.

3. If necessary, improve the performance of the algorithm by implementing 
   parallel tempering or certain NGK features.  Oliver Lange may have 
   implemented parallel tempering code in Rosetta, so it would be worth getting 
   in touch with him to see if there's anything I can build on.  NGK features 
   that would be useful in a balanced simulation include rama2b sampling and 
   omega sampling.  Rama2b sampling will have to be adopted to detailed balance 
   (i.e. constant probability in allowed regions).  It would also make sense to 
   use the rama2b term in the score function.
   
4. Tanja brought up another potential application for ensemble design, which is 
   to increase the rigidity of designed active sites.  The would be part of an 
   effort to establish why designed enzymes do not work as well as natural 
   ones.  The project would start from a number of suboptimal designed enzymes, 
   and would use both design and saturation mutagenesis to until a number of 
   improved enzymes were found.  The improved enzymes would be characterized 
   using crystallography and really intense NMR, in order to determine whether 
   the original designs were too floppy, too rigid, in the wrong conformation, 
   or something else.

   The design stage of the project would use ensemble design to try to rigidify 
   the original active sites.  The project would be interesting in its own 
   right without the design step, but the design step adds information about 
   whether or not we can rationally improve our enzyme designs.

5.  We also continued discussing the project of building a repressor via an 
    unfolded-to-folded transition.  Jaime suggested reading the papers by 
    Reichheld S and Davidson AR on the tetracyclin repressor system.  The 
    appeals of the project are that it may be practically useful and that it's 
    easy to experimentally measure whether or not a region of a protein is 
    folded.  The downsides are that most of the repressor systems are dimers.  
    In Jaime's words, "If you find a monomeric repressor system, that's gold."


